Enterprise Theme Customizer (#1182)
Graylog2/documentation: pages/enterprise/themes.rst

###############################
Custom Themes and Notifications
###############################

************
Introduction
************

> The Theme Customizer for Graylog Enterprise gived you visual control of your instance. Consider ways it's used
> to meet your needs. Administrators can:

Reviewer: Not really sure what the "Consider ways it's used to meet your needs." sentence is really doing there.  Also, typo on "gived" should be "gives".

```suggestion
The Theme Customizer for Graylog Enterprise gives you control over the color scheme of your instance. Administrators can:
```

Author: Yeah, that definitely leans toward blog-writing. I'll just remove the sentence, and fix that typo.

Author: I like it. Updated.

*  change the look and feel to meet company brand guidelines

> *  apply customer headers and notifications to display messages 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*  add custom headers and notifications to display messages 
```

Author: updated

********************
Color Configuration
********************

To get started on theme building: 

#. Navigate to the Graylog UI.
#. Click the *Customization* menu under *Enterprise*. 

It will take you to a page the looks like the image below

.. image:: /images/theme_customizer_wide.png

As depicted on the screen, above, you can configure visual settings on Graylog for both Light and Dark modes.

Custom Hex Colors
=================

You can choose colors by clicking an individual color box. When you do so, a color picker box with and RBG  will appear.

.. image:: /images/theme_hex_box.png

********************
Custom Notifications
********************

> Imagine a scenario where you, a Graylog administrator, are tasked to notify your peers of a scheduled outtage.
> One way to get the message across is to use custom notifications. This is also available in the *Customization*
> menu.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Custom notifications allow Graylog administrators to share messages with all of their Graylog users.  Whether you need to notify users of planned downtime or provide a warning message on the logon screen for compliance reasons, custom notifications will help you get the message out.  This feature is also available in the *Customization* menu.
```

Author: Updated
